PMM-3061 (subtask PMM-3069) describing agentless mysql and posgres… (#236)
percona/pmm: doc/source/amazon-rds.rst

.. _pmm.amazon-rds:

================================================================================
Adding an |amazon-rds| DB instance to |pmm|
================================================================================

There are two possibilities to add cloud DB instance to |pmm|. Simpler method
adds remote DB instance with no interaction with the specific cloud API, while
more complex one involves API-aware adition of an Amazon RDS / Aurora DB
MySQL server.

Both methods can be accessed in the |metrics-monitor| navigation menu by
selecting the |pmm-add-instance| item in a |gui.pmm-dropdown| group.

.. figure:: .res/graphics/png/metrics-monitor.add-rds-or-remote-instance.png

.. _pmm.amazon-rds-agentless:

Adding Remote DB instance to |pmm|
********************************************************************************

This is a quick method for users to add DBaaS instances without having to hook

> into the Cloud Provider's API, and with no need to have pmm-admin present on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the Cloud Provider's API, and with no need to have pmm-client installed or any exporters running on the
```

> monitored node. The drawback of this approach is having no node-specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
monitored node. The drawback of this approach is that you will not have visibility of host-level metrics (CPU, memory, and disk activity will not be captured nor displayed in PMM)
```
